OSDOCS#14516: Removed tech preview for support router load secrets (#92780)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-securing-routes.adoc

toc::[]

> In the {product-title}, the route API is extended to provide a configurable option to reference TLS certificates via secrets. With `externally managed certificate` feature enabled, you can minimize errors from manual intervention, streamline the certificate management process, and enable the {product-title} router to promptly serve the referenced certificate.

Reviewer: I think this phrasing needs a bit more work, here is what I suggest:
```suggestion
In the {product-title}, the route API is extended to provide a configurable option to reference TLS certificates via secrets. With xref:../../networking/routes/secured-routes.adoc#nw-ingress-route-secret-load-external-cert_secured-routes[externally managed certificates] enabled, you can minimize errors from manual intervention, streamline the certificate management process, and enable the {product-title} router to promptly serve the referenced certificate.
```
In that suggestion, I did a few things:

1. reworded it to use the title of the feature more naturally ("using externally managed certificates" rather than explicitly mentioning that it's a feature)
2. Added the link back in case that would be helpful to have.
If you are set on removing the link, then just make sure you mention "externally managed certificates" in plain text and not in backticks. That's my bad for sending a confusing message on slack.

Author: Ack.
